so families got a desk job to see how
well you all know the meaning behind
agates Mallory laughter all right so I
thought I would talk about icons and I
thought that I'd like to make a game but
Jake was already here he had shown us
just too bad I'm gonna break probably
most of Roy's rules just too bad but we
are surrounded by icons and icons are on
all sorts of interactive things and
interactive controls and we usually
don't know what they're called and as
speech recognition goes from an
accessibility spirit into what we're
doing every day it's starting through
men are more and more what is a thing
called so that we can say to click it
because if there's another alternative
way to work with it it's usually a
touchscreen so the whole wants you hover
over it there'll be a little title that
will tell you what it is that's just not
gonna fly luckily we're very good at
coming up with names we don't really
understand where something means that we
could come up with something
so many people here buy their own
clothing and wash it I expect every hand
in this room up so you all know but the
symbol of the hand in the bucket of
water means right shut it out gonna hear
it and watch so you know that the box
with the two diagonal lines me open up
think we're dryer I'm dry and you know
what the W inside the circle means right
it's the opposite of dry cleaning
wait cleaning you're right so we've all
seen this we make fun of the fact that
we don't know what the hell we're doing
are washing our clothes yes
Farrington so if we don't know what they
mean by why are you using them wherever
using you know labels every we're not
using labels this because you know if
your County safest hom Mexico and it
says that when I go Fiat you're gonna
fit that in every language of every
country that you want to sell your shirt
in and the text can start the back here
next can go down your back let's just
stick out the butt like a tail so if
it's okay to use these incomprehensible
laundry care labels for clothing wise
not okay necessarily to use them on the
web and the difference is there's a
standard for the clothing you can go
look it up and the web has standards but
not for icons but at least we have that
handful on the way
everybody mean all the time right
should we get you guys warmed up where's
Nick my lesbians
it means to magnify and what are the
three or sometimes four horizontal
stripes mean it means justify okay what
does the X mean okay and then we come to
the X little square then I kind of
realized actually it matters about
context it's in so this is a photo from
a dishwasher from a jogger two ago and
for about a week and a half to two weeks
we actually hadn't have a sticky note
saying what these icons meant because if
this was an audio video player nobody
would ask any questions but on a
dishwasher who knows what it means in
fact sticky notes on appliances is a
regular thing in a lot of workplaces and
it kind of defeats the purpose of saving
room so you say okay let's take
something in real life and make an I
kind of it and everybody will know what
it means unless your mailbox doesn't
look like that kind of mailbox or our
mailbox doesn't even make sense on the
web anyway severed heads and mailbox I
don't know my way
but the flag up does not mean you have
mail okay now your other arrangement
answers now you all know it needs your
outgoing mail that is what it means who
can see the cat a couple of you can
actually see the cat I thought it was a
goblin my parents could see the cat
because they saw the real cat but my
time I came around it was just an icon
and the nuns they loved her percent
range with technology from a hundred
years ago in fact does so it's this
guy's mom done well and it says being
tech support what buttons are on your
screen is more obvious the thing is they
probably did originally and then we
worked our way back to you know and
design criminal things so knowing the
context we're knowing the story or
knowing the history sometimes is
necessary to understand what an icon
isn't unfortunately as new generations
come up you have new people who never
saw this don't have any clue what it is
so time for you all to booze type you
all to be like all those users you keep
saying well why can't they figure it out
are they stupid so I'm gonna start with
a nice easy one plan it with an arrow
plan over there just yell it out where
does the planet with an arrow
I'm hoping somebody said choose planet
so here's some context in this language
man
okay language we have two winners as a
bonus this is not some fingerprint
enough you can guess what the row of
icons here from left to right the first
one is eating dinner the next finish
working the next one is the next one is
making speech sweet the next one is
drinking Starbucks okay next one I want
you to know what the heart does it
doesn't B it doesn't beep this is
bottom's calm what's the heart dude it
doesn't like it hates you
it's sort of like a wish list II think
so um what is it called let's say you
know that you can keep track of things
you'd like to buy but can't afford it
what does it if you want to click it is
that website what's it called even maybe
teeny-weeny itsy-bitsy Mesquite you
can't click it with your boys y'all did
great okay I love this one first a
blanky thing what is the leggy thing
okay on this website what is the plaguey
thing is it Dutch site so this is Dutch
food we should know right
it is a place holder for when we don't
ever reading
[Applause]
because you guys are excellent users to
do web developers right yes okay this is
for a site that doesn't suck too much
this is Dropbox they actually do label
their icons but I thought if I took it
off I could ask you guys what this day
eyeball mean what I also usually mean
viewing things seen things what what
surprised me was that this is seeing
things that don't exist anymore which
into everyday for where it's marble oh
don't ask me with the far left icon does
it does not maximize minimize but other
than that I have no clue what is the
eyeball mean here no it is switch for
you only if you have a mouse
hey we're doing great right users okay
these are easy I think that goofy
pac-man and the horses too if you guys
know what this means right
in the context of an email client pull
it out summary sky color okay
what's the other one somebody said
highlight you guys get your Hello Kitty
extra mean you just mix a late bonus
from the same program
now the typography nerds you say that's
a paragraph symbol thingy and it's not
indenting it's not alignment this is
language direction right yeah but we all
knew that right because they're so
obvious from the icon okay this is from
TripAdvisor who doesn't suck because
they do label their stuff the Safari
means it doesn't so we've meant to pull
on this site but we'll just you know
we'll go on so it's home okay shiny
buttons we're gonna go right to left
we're the farthest right one that's me
I'm SB what is the Bell call
notifications you guys are awesome it is
notifications what is the I with a
circle around it it is but you can't see
information because it's open
information menu we don't have open
notifications or a quick link or
anything else that's already an actual
item but they had to put it in here for
some reason
so the accessible name of this is open
information menu but what is the plus
yes I've seen the unfocusable anchor I
think it's a token of a trap where does
plus me normally means addition but in
this world it's create board or
organization now we might going to make
a creation button in the western world
okay I think this program because it's
for a whole other world but what if the
pencil usually mean he usually means
have it and if you're using a screen
reader or using speech pencils besides
anything right it could be called edit
that is accessible name but if you're a
mouse user its update project density
because that's so obvious I'm the
vibrating rectangle so it crank means
copy but that's not what it does it
opens up a drop-down menu and inside
it's got to want us both copy web link
but in case were stupid they had an a
title attribute for all saying copy link
to clipboard which covers up the other
option because it's awesome I didn't
know also the button actually has no
accessible name and the last one is the
air coming out of the box
so people saying shared was saying
upload money here you suffer okay second
Isis me so I might ultimately do some
kind of uploading but what it really
does is open to dialogue and it does
something called ICC and share down by
the seashore with no accessible name so
I actually don't know I try clicking it
and I couldn't go any further because I
didn't have a permission or something
right they don't know Zeppelin we used
to sauce labs two three two people you
suck okay so this is unfortunate what
does the lightning bolt mean these are
tests that you've run you get over list
of tests that you've run for bridge
thought there's a lot of for going on
here's cloudlets there's lightning okay
so so nobody's even going to try so the
lightning bolt means with sauce connect
proxy which I do have to admit that
there's a lot of text it does make sense
to have an icon for that but what does
the little cloud mean this is something
you are supposed to be intimate with
clouds actually so it's
[Applause]
go against the Mac the Mac OS one but
for iOS I guess there's no separate
symbol for this is from my work this is
not released yet
I shouldn't be showing it but I have
this icon and on my computer it doesn't
do anything so it's got one arrow
pointing up and it's kind of just going
up and when I click it actually this
goes down my magnification everything's
so big I only have one column apparently
in split view and students all across
America are going to have to just know
that to pass their tests and view school
so if you have a small space do use an
icon or use a label because you don't
remem sometimes for a full label so do
it why not both this is my phone it runs
Windows the only but the only I found I
had to learn was the kebab on the right
and that's what that thing's called it's
called the kebab blue blame loop W but
if I click the kebab I get to see the
label let's see that again a whole other
application it's got a cons and click
the kebab passionately involves you
you guys should all build this steal
this idea if you steal nothing from
windows steal this and so
this rain
and that's it for me
[Applause]
